feat: specify id when provisional create canister (#3021)
dfinity/sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## DFX

### feat: specify id when provisional create canister

> When create canister on non-mainnet replica, you can now specify the canister ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a canister on non-mainnet replica, you can now specify the canister ID.
```
